Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Subtitles by Deadly BrEaThE
So I'm looking forward to it.
Shut up. Hey. It's enough.
It annoys everyone.
I'm sorry...
You're the mother. shut him up.
Come on. fuck. Shut him up!
What a great idea to take
a baby on the subway...
...with a baby. during rush hour?
Even for the kid. it's a nightmare.
Yes. hello?
Finally. Where are you?
On my way to my temp job today. Why?
I'm at the hospital.
Why?
I am pregnant.
What?
Sorry What?
No. nothing.
We're not really together. but...
What do you want to do?
You don't know. do you?
AT 10 O'CLOCK YESTERDAY
You were never clear on the matter...
...that's what the doctor
told me. And to call you.
Are you listening to me?
-Yes.
So?
Are you okay?
I'll ask if I can take time off. Yes...
You don't have to.
My mind is already made up.
About what?
You...
Wait. I don't understand you. Hello?
The reception is poor.
I'm leaving the station.
Hello?
No network.
Huh? Is that it?
THE LOST MAN OF THE DOUBTER
TURN BACK TURN BACK TURN BACK
What is this?
Damn it.
Not that way.
Zero?
It's not happening.
Closed.
It changed.
Instructions?
Attention to anomalies.
In case of an anomaly...
If you see any anomalies?
' Take exit 8.'
'Attention to anomalies '
In case of an anomaly.
turn back immediately.
If you don't see any
anomalies. do not turn back.
' Take exit 8 '
Pay attention to anomalies.
In case of an anomaly.
turn back immediately.
If you don't see any
anomalies. do not turn back.
' Take exit 8 '
Anomalies?
Was that blood an anomaly?
STATION HALL
Excuse me. where is exit 8?
What are anomalies?
Anomalies...
What?
'Pay attention to anomalies.'
Anomalies... I have to spot the anomalies.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Legal Assistant.
Man.
Plastic surgery.
Well-paid job.
Good manners in the metro.
Security camera.
Emergency point.
Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door.
And the back.
Good.
Lockers.
Blanket.
Photo booth.
It's going up.
So...
What?
Damn it.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Escher.
Legal Assistant. Male.
Surgery... Plastic...
An anomaly.
Back.
It went to 2.
Exit 8
Dentist. Escher.
Legal assistant. Plastic surgery.
Man!
Well-paid position. Good
manners in the metro.
Security camera.
Emergency point. Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
CENTRAL STATION HALL
Very good.
Good. No anomalies.
3.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Man.
Legal Assistant.
Plastic surgery.
Well-paid job.
Good manners in the metro.
Security camera.
Emergency point. Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
Okay. no anomalies.
What?
Where did he go?
Here it is. Yesterday.
Four more to go.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Escher.
Legal assistant. Plastic surgery.
Man.
Well-paid job.
Manners in the subway. Security camera.
Emergency point. Door.
Door.
Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation.
Come on.
Lockers. One. two. three.
One. two. three... One. two. three.
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
Okay. no anomalies.
Great.
Only three more.
Exit 8.
Dentist
Escher
Legal Assistant. Male.
Well. okay.
Plastic surgery.
Well-paid position. Good
manners in the metro.
Security camera.
Emergency point.
Door. Door. Ventilation...
An anomaly?
Door. Ventilation.
Hello?
I finally got hold of you. Where are you?
Where? Good question...
Still in the station.
In the subway?
I keep going in circles
looking for the exit.
You have no sense of direction.
I'll be there soon.
What is it?
Have you...
...decided yet?
I haven't decided yet.
What should I do?
I've thought a lot about what you said.
Yes?
You know...
...in the subway...
...there was a baby crying...a
woman with a crying baby.
A guy was insulting the mother.
But...
No one stood up for her.
They were all on their phones.
And her baby kept on crying.
And yet...
...I pretended that I saw nothing...
...and I got out.
Like the others.
Can someone like me...
...be a good father?
I want to get out of here.
I'm waiting for you.
I'm looking for the exit and
will come as quickly as I can.
I'm waiting for you.
It's going to be okay.
An anomaly.
Zero?
'In case of anomaly.
immediately turn around.'
That's what I did.
Isn't it an anomaly then?
What?
Are you lost?
Are you all alone?
Are you with someone?
That...
...he is no longer a man.
WALKING MAN
Yes.
Yeah.
We did it. Let's go.
Come on.
Number eight.
Ventilation. Electrical room.
Okay. Ventilation.
Okay.
Only authorized staff.
Sprinkler. Emergency point. OK.
Posters.
One. two. three. four...
...five. six. seven. Okay.
The cashiers. Lockers.
One. two. three. four. five...
Trash. Photo booth.
Did you see anything?
Tell me. Is that it?
I can't understand if
you don't say anything.
I'm sorry. Did I scare you?
Come on.
Yes...
Great.
Yes. yes. yes.
Yes.
Let's go
Number eight.
Ventilation. Electrical room. OK.
Posters. Shall we count together?
One. Two. Three.
Tell me if you see anything. okay?
Five.
Sorry...
Are you lost?
Yes...
I can't get out of here either.
If you don't mind. I can accompany you?
Absolutely.
This boy is also lost.
Is that so?
Where do you think we are?
Who knows?
Could it be...
...that we are dead?
That we are in hell?
In purgatory?
Are we stuck as punishment for our deeds?
Hell?
Do you feel guilty about something?
Guilty?
I'm kidding.
It's just a basement corridor.
Let's go.
Come on.
Did you notice anything?
There was always...
...someone walking towards
you from that direction.
An older man.
An older man?
A shady guy.
What do you mean?
He didn't come this time.
But... Is that an anomaly?
Well... I...
Tell me...
Do you really want to get out?
Wouldn't you rather stay here?
Take the crowded subway. go to work...
...doing the same thing every day.
That's hell. Just pathetic.
Pathetic?
Every day in the crowded
subway. every day to work...
...doing the same thing every day.
That's hell. Just pathetic.
Take the crowded subway...
...going to work every day.
doing the same thing every day.
That's not a h...
What's going on?
Hallo?
Are you ok?
Hey. Miss?
Are you okay?
What is it?
Say somethig!
Just pathetic.
Take the crowded subway. go to work...
...doing the same thing every day.
That's hell. Just pathetic.
What is this?
...back to work. Always the same routine.
Not that way. An anomaly.
An anomaly.
Come with me.
What was that?
Six.
Let's go.
Two more to go.
Two more.
Number eight.
Ventilation. Electrical room. OK.
The posters. One. two...
...three. four. five.
Monster.
Five. six. seven.
No anomalies. right?
That's good. isn't it?
If we're wrong. we'll
never get out of here.
What is it?
Are you still scared?
It's all good.
It's good. I'm here.
Come on. let's go.
Let's go. quickly.
The lockers. One. two. three. four...
Trash. Photo booth.
No anomalies. Good.
Why don't you pay close attention?
Awful instructions.
Get rid of it.
I'm in a hurry.
I was supposed to see my kid today.
Why?
I'm sorry.
Shall we?
Okay... Okay...
Let's go for it. Eight more to go.
Eight to go.
The exit.
Finally.
I can go outside.
Come on!
Come with me.
As you wish.
An anomaly.
Isn't it an anomaly then?
What?
Are you lost?
Are you all alone?
Are you with someone?
That...
...he is no longer a man.
Emergency point. Door. Door.
Ventilation.
Door.
No anomalies.
Aren't you coming?
TURN AROUND TURN AROUND TURN AROUND
THE BOY
Aren't you coming?
Lockers. One. two. three. One. two. three.
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
No anomalies.
None...
Back to square one.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Legal Assistant.
Man.
Plastic surgery. Well paid.
Good manners in the
subway. Security camera.
Emergency point. Door. Door.
Ventilation. Door.
Ventilation.
What?
It seems to have changed.
An anomaly.
Wait. An anomaly.
Hey.
Shit...
Now we have to start again.
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Legal Assistant.
Man.
Plastic surgery. Well-paid position.
Good manners on the
subway. Security camera.
Emergency point.
Door. Door. Vent.
Door. Ventilation. Good.
No anomalies.
Come on. come on.
An anomaly.
We turn around.
Good.
Exit...
What?
My phone...
Okay.
Three.
Hey? But that's...
Mom?
-Huh?
I'm sorry. Mama.
What? Mom?
Mom. Wait.
That's not your mom.
-Mama.
Let go of me.
-No.
You are wrong.
Mama.
We have to go back.
-Mama.
Mama.
Mama...
What do you want to do?
Are you okay?
Have you lost your mother?
Intentionally.
I did it on purpose...
...I was being stupid.
Why?
So that she would look for me.
Oh yeah?
I have done that too once.
Are you afraid of your mom?
When she is angry.
That's true for all mothers.
And your dad?
I've never known him.
I see.
Me neither.
Well. you must go back to your mother.
I have to go home too.
Come on.
We're going.
Exit 8.
Upside down.
Correct. the number eight is upside down.
We're going back.
Three more to go.
Exit 8.
Okay.
Dentist. Escher.
Legal Assistant.
Man.
Plastic surgery.
Well-paid position. Good
manners in the subway.
Say this.
What do you want to do
if we manage to get out?
Eat a pizza.
-A pizza?
A pizza with lots of cheese.
That sounds good.
Me...
I'm not so sure anymore.
It's beautiful.
For you.
For protection.
Protection?
Thank you.
Come on.
Two more to go.
Exit 8.
OK.
-OK.
Dentist. Escher.
Legal assistant.
-Man.
Okay.
Cosmetic surgery. Well-paid position.
Etiquette in the subway. Security camera.
Okay.
-Okay.
Emergency point. Door.
Come here.
He is soaking wet.
It's safe.
Pope.
What do you want to do?
He?
He's calling.
Come on. be brave. Dad.
Sometimes I doubt.
Is it good...
...to see yourself like this?
No one knows which way is the right one.
But it will be alright.
You will protect this child.
And one day. he will protect you too.
Mama.
What is it?
It's really beautiful.
Keep it for protection.
To protect you. Dad.
You're holding me too tight.
Sorry.
Come on.
Shall we play together? Come on.
Let's run!
It'll be alright.
One more to go...
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Legal Assistant.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery. Well-paid position.
Etiquette in the subway. Security camera.
Emergency point. Door.
Door. Ventilation. Door.
Ventilation.
Lockers. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
No anomalies.
Let's go.
Hallo...
Hello.
Where are you?
Still in the hospital.
I'm on my way.
What do you want to do?
Well... We...
I'm coming.
Shut up!
It annoys everyone.
I'm sorry...
You're the mother. shut him up.
Come on. bitch. Just shut him up. dammit.
What a great idea to take
a baby on the subway...
...with a baby during rush hour?
Even for the kid. it's a nightmare.
What are you looking at?
Do you think I'm joking or something?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-